specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/Language/readme.md, before:

# Cognitive Services Language SDK

This is the AutoRest configuration file the Cognitive Services Language SDK.

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

## Releases

The current preview release is 2022-02-01-preview

The current stable release of QuestionAnswering is 2021-10-01 and preview release of Luis Deepstack is 2021-07-15-preview

```yaml
tag: release_2022_02_01_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
directive:
  - suppress: LongRunningResponseStatusCode
    reason: The validation tools do not properly recognize 202 as a supported response code.
```

```yaml
tag: release_2021_11_01_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
directive:
  - suppress: LongRunningResponseStatusCode
    reason: The validation tools do not properly recognize 202 as a supported response code.
```


```yaml
tag: release_2021_10_01
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

```yaml
tag: release_2021_07_15_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

### Release 2022-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2022_02_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2022_02_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2022-02-01-preview/textanalytics.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_11_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_11_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-11-01-preview/textanalytics.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_10_01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_10_01'
input-file: 
  - stable/2021-10-01/questionanswering.json
  - stable/2021-10-01/questionanswering-authoring.json
title: 
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-07-15-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_07_15_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_07_15_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-07-15-preview/questionanswering.json
- preview/2021-07-15-preview/questionanswering-authoring.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_05_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_05_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-05-01-preview/questionanswering.json
- preview/2021-05-01-preview/questionanswering-authoring.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
```

Commit message:

Release/cognitiveservices/clu 2021 11 01 preview (#17507)
* Adds base for updating Language from version preview/2021-07-15-preview to version 2021-11-01-preview

* Updates readme

* Updates API version in new specs and examples

* Add CLU Public Preview API (#16450)

* Add CLU Public Preview API

* remove azure-sdk-for-net-track2

* Nit: remove extra space

Co-authored-by: Heath Stewart <heaths@outlook.com>

Co-authored-by: Chong Tang <chot@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Heath Stewart <heaths@outlook.com>

* added x-ms-client-name "confidence" (#16646)

* Add SDK owners for CLU (#16718)

* add a clu entry to readme

* making enums compatible

* making TA point to common.json for error

* fixing spaces

* adding questionanswering to custom-words

* Update analyzeconversations.json

adding "non_linked"

* add an owner

* addressing comments

Co-authored-by: Chong Tang <ct4ew@virginia.edu>
Co-authored-by: Chong Tang <chot@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Heath Stewart <heaths@outlook.com>
Co-authored-by: Ahmed Leithy <v-aleithy@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Heath Stewart <heaths@microsoft.com>
Co-authored-by: Farhad Shakerin <fshakerin@microsoft.com>

specification/cognitiveservices/data-plane/Language/readme.md, after:

# Cognitive Services Language SDK

This is the AutoRest configuration file the Cognitive Services Language SDK.

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

## Releases

The current preview release is 2022-02-01-preview
The current stable release of QuestionAnswering is 2021-10-01 and preview release of Conversational Language Understanding (CLU) service is 2021-11-01-preview

```yaml
tag: release_2022_02_01_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
directive:
  - suppress: LongRunningResponseStatusCode
    reason: The validation tools do not properly recognize 202 as a supported response code.
```

```yaml
tag: release_2021_11_01_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
directive:
  - suppress: LongRunningResponseStatusCode
    reason: The validation tools do not properly recognize 202 as a supported response code.
```


```yaml
tag: release_2021_10_01
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

```yaml
tag: release_2021_07_15_preview
add-credentials: true
clear-output-folder: true
openapi-type: data-plane
```

### Release 2022-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2022_02_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2022_02_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2022-02-01-preview/textanalytics.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_11_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_11_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-11-01-preview/textanalytics.json
- preview/2021-11-01-preview/analyzeconversations.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_10_01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_10_01'
input-file: 
  - stable/2021-10-01/questionanswering.json
  - stable/2021-10-01/questionanswering-authoring.json
title: 
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-07-15-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_07_15_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_07_15_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-07-15-preview/questionanswering.json
- preview/2021-07-15-preview/questionanswering-authoring.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

### Release 2021-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=release_2021_05_01_preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'release_2021_05_01_preview'
input-file:
- preview/2021-05-01-preview/questionanswering.json
- preview/2021-05-01-preview/questionanswering-authoring.json
title:
  Microsoft Cognitive Language Service
modelerfour:
  lenient-model-deduplication: true
```

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
```
